DOC-2609: Opening a notification when the toolbar is at the bottom threw an error. (#3586)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/7.6.1-release-notes.adoc

{productname} {release-version} also includes the following bug fix<es>:

=== Opening a notification when the toolbar is at the bottom threw an error.
// #TINY-11498

> An issue was previously identified in the inline mode editor where, if the toolbar was positioned at the bottom of the screen, a UI error occurred that rendered notifications non-functional after being opened.
> 
> This issue significantly impacted the user experience, preventing users from interacting with the notification interface effectively.
> 
> {productname} {release-version} update resolves this issue by enhancing the notification positioning logic to account for the toolbar's location. This ensures notifications function seamlessly, regardless of the toolbar's placement on the screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An issue was identified in the inline mode editor where, if the toolbar was positioned at the bottom of the screen, a UI error occurred that rendered notifications non-functional after being opened.

This issue significantly impacted the user experience, preventing users from interacting with the notification interface effectively.

{productname} {release-version} resolves this issue by enhancing the notification positioning logic to account for the toolbar's location. Notifications now function seamlessly, regardless of the toolbar's placement on the screen.
```
